Offline is the theme (interpret however you want, but make it obvious)
latest Firefox and Chrome

interpretations for Offline:
    the internet obviously


genres:
    **RPG
    FPS
    Art
    Puzzle
    --RTS
    Card
    --text adventure

components that make a game "complete":
    story?
    theme

    tutorial
        click button to start game, screen goes dark, phone ring happens
        text to speech along with some sort of popup conversation window
        click to continue
        should cover some basics like
            what you're trying to achieve
            add some suspense w
            where to find the first item
    music
        --sound effects for when you pick up items and when you win
    interactions
        --move the character
        --pick up items
        --only perform certain actions when you have the correct items
    graphics
        --currently using emojis for items
        need a door for the exit
        need a player model for the player



Decisions:
    It's an RPG where you have to collect the tools to fix the system.  As you fix parts of the system, what happens???
    First thing you need to do is get the lights back on.
    You need the widget, the wodget and the sproket.
    Once it's back online, you win.

    It's in an office, with desks and furniture and whatnot.  The office was broken into and the theives freaked out 
    when the alarm went off so they started dropping pieces as they were running out.  So the pieces are not where we
    expect them to be, they are in some random places.

    There's a timer, we're losing money every second that the system is offline and the goal is to lose the least amount
    of money.

    it's basically an escape room game
    it's nighttime outside, the power is out, but there is a window by the entrance
    that includes some moonlight, enough to help you find a flashlight
    there are 10 levels, 
        some on the same floor, 
        some accessible by stairs
        intermediate levels are mostly smaller
        last level is notably larger? maybe
        consider randomizing the game levels for replayability
    items required to perform certain interactions
        key to open a door
        flashlight to find the correct disk in the drawer
    need to collect lots of data to complete the restore
    you were sleeping in the office and you get a phone call
        the person on the phone tells you that the system is down
        gives you an idea of what you need to get it back up
        tells you where to find a flashlight which you'll need to see in
            some of the darker areas



5 days left

interactions with items
    implement blocking items

implement the flashlight and windows
    the world should be dark, flashlight makes it so you can see
    respect walls, etc

change the way the world is constructed
    specify the world as an array of values, not default to just being a grid of a set size

force us to get less than 13 kb

last day should be building out the primary scenario
    getting leaderboard finished
